[DOCS-8429] Update Testing Browser steps/ Javascript (#24154)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/browser_tests/actions.md

The JavaScript assertion function contains the following parameters and requires a return statement.

> * The `return` (mandatory) statement reflects the condition the assertion needs to meet for your test step to succeed. Any type can be returned, but the value is automatically cast as a boolean. If a falsy value is returned, the test step will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `return` (mandatory) statement reflects the condition the assertion needs to meet for your test step to succeed. Any type can be returned, but the value is automatically cast as a boolean. If a falsy value is returned, the test step fails.
```
